That's right, lawyer Tang, before things are clarified
We decided to ask you to stop looking first.
Stop, but I still have several cases that have not been followed up.
Hand it over to other colleagues first
Don't worry, we'll give you a single order.
Not the boss
Everything you just said is correct.
I also agree
But is there a problem with your handling?
You, you shouldn't have stood up for me
Look, you've started again.
Go away
Tell me, I'd like to hear it
Boss, first of all, this matter has not been found out yet.
Even if you find out, you shouldn't support my job.
I haven't even seen Wang Yimei's face these days
Does one of his patients suddenly commit suicide have anything to do with me?
I apologize.
That's just because I thought maybe something I said might affect his mood
But that doesn't mean I'm the one who caused his suicide
How could an adult commit suicide just because of my words?
That's incredible.
And I know I don't have the ability
If my words could kill the invisible
Then why am I here?
I walked into the NSA
Grandma, look
Floating again
Keep talking, you two shut up.
lie in prison
You said you didn't go to him.
How is that possible?
He is your client
Hospital again
I can prove it.
I can prove that Tang Lu has not been to the hospital
Zhang Boran, you are getting bolder and bolder
I didn't find it before, I thought it was a little sheep
How can I prove that I have always been with Tang Lu?
That day and night together